DOC: Add documentation about cost model to inlining notes. (#5546)
numba/numba: docs/source/developer/inlining.rst

  In all cases the function should return True to inline and return False to not
  inline, this essentially permitting custom inlining rules (typical use might
  be cost models).
* Recursive functions with ``inline='always'`` will result in a non-terminating

>   compilation. If you wish to avoid this, use a cost model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  compilation. If you wish to avoid this, supply a function to limit the recursion depth (see below).
```

Cost models are just an example of one use, this really is just a function to determine whether inline or not based on anything the user finds useful, see the example code http://numba.pydata.org/numba-doc/dev/developer/inlining.html#example-using-numba-jit, where there's no cost being measured, it's just a scan for an IR token to determine whether to inline.

.. note:: No guarantee is made about the order in which functions are assessed
          for inlining or about the order in which they are inlined.

Inlining cost models
====================
When using recursive inlines, you can terminate the compilation by using
a cost model.

.. code:: python

    from numba import njit
    import numpy as np

    class CostModel(object):

        def __init__(self, max_inlines):
            self._count = 0
            self._max_inlines = max_inlines

>         def __call__(self, *args, **kwargs):

Author: @stuartarchibald It'd be nice to know what the exact signature was here.

Reviewer: It's written here? https://github.com/numba/numba/pull/5546/files#diff-4e80d8ef608d27477d94b1d1b5ea0f4aR53-R74

            ret = self._count < self._max_inlines
            self._count +=1
            return ret

    @njit(inline=CostModel(3))
    def factorial(n):
        if n <= 0:
            return 1
        return n * factorial(n - 1)

    factorial(5)

> 

Reviewer: I feel that this section should go at the end of the document and be called something like "Using a function to limit the inlining depth of a recursive function". The two sections beneath here introduce the concepts more generally.

   the argument was an ``Complex`` type instance.
4. That dead code elimination has not been performed and as a result there are
   superfluous statements present in the IR.

Using a function to limit the inlining depth of a recursive function
====================================================================

When using recursive inlines, you can terminate the compilation by using
a cost model.

.. code:: python

    from numba import njit
    import numpy as np

    class CostModel(object):

        def __init__(self, max_inlines):
            self._count = 0
            self._max_inlines = max_inlines

        def __call__(self, expr, caller, callee):
            ret = self._count < self._max_inlines

>             self._count +=1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            self._count += 1
```
